Netdata methodology Blog (#343)
netdata/blog: blog/2023-11-04-netdata-methodology/index.md

|**Dashboards**              |Every single metric is visualized in meaningful, <strong style={{color: "#00AB44" }}>fully automated dashboards</strong>. Custom dashboards are supported but not necessary. |Pre-packaged dashboards do not include every single metric. Building custom dashboards is <strong style={{color: "#DB162F" }}>time consuming</strong> and necessary.|
|**Data Privacy**            |<strong style={{color: "#00AB44" }}>Your data is stored at the source, your premises</strong> – we don’t store it, and can’t share it or sell it.|Most commercial monitoring solutions <strong style={{color: "#DB162F" }}>store your data on their cloud</strong> and visualise them centrally.|
|**Scalability**             |Exceptional <strong style={{color: "#00AB44" }}>vertical and horizontal scalability</strong> while handling high data volume and velocity. Minimal traffic egress costs.|Often struggles with scalability challenges such as <strong style={{color: "#DB162F" }}>high data volumes, resource constraints, and high traffic egress costs</strong>.|

> |**Community**               |Netdata has an active and vibrant open source community and is one of the <strong style={{color: "#00AB44" }}>top starred projects on the CNCF landscape</strong>.| Commercial solutions lack the diversity and vibrancy of OSS communities.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Community**               |Netdata has an active and vibrant open source community and is (as of date) the <strong style={{color: "#00AB44" }}>leading project on the observability category in the [CNCF landscape](https://landscape.cncf.io/card-mode?category=observability-and-analysis&grouping=no&sort=stars),</strong>.| Commercial solutions lack the diversity and vibrancy of OSS communities.|

need to check how the link comes in this
```
